Add How to provision extension before Service Fabric runtime (#114802)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/how-to-managed-cluster-vmss-extension.md

                "publisher": "Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault",
                "type": "KeyVaultForWindows",
                "typeHandlerVersion": "3.0",
                "autoUpgradeMinorVersion": true,
                "settings": {
                "secretsManagementSettings": {
                  "observedCertificates": [
                    ...
                  ]
                }
              }
            }
        },
        {
          "name": "GenevaMonitoringExtension",
          "properties": {
              "setupOrder": [
                    "BeforeSFRuntime"
                ],
              "autoUpgradeMinorVersion": true,
              "enableAutomaticUpgrade": true,
              "publisher": "Microsoft.Azure.Geneva",
              "type": "GenevaMonitoring",
              "typeHandlerVersion": "2.40",
              "settings": {
                "configurations": [
                  {
                    "ServiceArguments": {
                      ...
                    },
                    "UserArguments": {
                      ...
                    }
                  }
                ]
              }
          }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

>[!NOTE]

> > Special handling for AzureDiskEncryption (ADE) extension: ADE needs to run before the Service Fabric runtime to ensures that the disk is decrypted after a reimage operations, allowing the Service Fabric runtime to start using it. Even if the extension is not explicitly marked with `BeforeSFRuntime`, it will run before the runtime. But note that enabling encryption at host is recomended over using ADE extension. For detailed instructions, please refer to [Enable encryption at host](how-to-managed-cluster-enable-disk-encryption.md#enable-encryption-at-host)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Special handling for AzureDiskEncryption (ADE) extension: ADE needs to run before the Service Fabric runtime to ensures that the disk is decrypted after a reimage operations, allowing the Service Fabric runtime to start using it. Even if the extension is not explicitly marked with `BeforeSFRuntime`, it will run before the runtime. But note that enabling encryption at host is recommended over using ADE extension. For detailed instructions, refer to [Enable encryption at host](how-to-managed-cluster-enable-disk-encryption.md#enable-encryption-at-host).

```
